I greet you with my best wishes.
Today, I am here to offer my best wishes to all the young men and women from all over the country.
I am glad to be able to build such a big city,
recognizing the spirit of the reckoning that was presented to me today and that Dreide G für Tram.
If you see it, it is engraved in your heart.
In other words, the rainbow of victory is engraved vertically.
This victory is a must-win.
This victory is not a single memory.
In other words, we are living against a great British and we are in dire need of victory.
It should be the lowest of the three states.
Mix tomorrow with Wednesday.
Let them all come together and Germany would break the circle.
Good luck.
Goodbye Father, Father.
Smile, smile.
As the west of Nishinoya stands on the ground,
We must try to conquer Czechia of rose.
the foreigners who replay them to put everyone to pain like hell.
Also, in this country there have been people who have not returned from the battlefield.
Also, many other families remain in the fighting sea.
Our nation has been vicissitudes that have not been completely quashed.
We withdraw the shattered grain, which is in your hearts.
At two or nine, we shall lay it out in one to two hours.
2014,吃 Tedius Hinoike
We shall complete the composition
As a demurring force, we have to stand up as a油rite on the battlefield.
As you know, the current situation in Japan is therefore at odds with military and international affairs.
But we both suffered in this Battlefield of Glory.